docs: extract data ingestion and matching into a separate guide (#1137)
Nix-Security-WG/nix-security-tracker: docs/quickstart.md

## Next steps

In order to log in to the service with your GitHub account, [set up credentials](../CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-credentials).

> Then follow [Manual Data Ingestion and Matching](./data_ingestion_and_matching.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then try it out with real data by running [manual data ingestion and matching](./data_ingestion_and_matching.md).
```

Repeating the document title is problematic: If we change it in the linked document, there's no way to automatically catch the drift with the current tooling. And if we just wanted a list of the verbatim titles, we could just have an auto-generated table of contents.

Packaging it into a proper sentence has the advantage of allowing context-sensitive wording that guides the reader into what the linked document may be about. This is a bit of a taste thing of course, but I find it a bit clumsy to say "follow \<context-agnostic title of document\>" (a lot of people and documents doing it doesn't make it seem less clumsy; I think this is largely because tools like Sphinx encourage it via a `[](<link>)` syntax that just exposes the document title inline).

Author: I see
